

    The body may perhaps compensates for the loss of a true metaphysics.
    Tom got a small piece of pie.
    Christmas is coming.
    They got there early, and they got really good seats.
    We need to rent a room for our party.
    We have a lot of rain in June.
    This is a Japanese doll.
    I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.
    Abstraction is often one floor above you.
    I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
    Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
    If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
    Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
    Please wait outside of the house.
    Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
    Hurry!
    If Purple People Eaters are real… where do they find purple people to eat?
    I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
    Mary plays the piano.
    I want more detailed information.
    She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
    She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
    Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.
    She folded her handkerchief neatly.
    Where do random thoughts come from?
    I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
    She did her best to help him.
    Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
    Last Friday in three week’s time I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
    Two seats were vacant.
    I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.
    If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.
    The shooter says goodbye to his love.
    He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
    How was the math test?
    The book is in front of the table.
    The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
    I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
    The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
    Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.
    The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
    What was the person thinking when they discovered cow’s milk was fine for human consumption… and why did they do it in the first place!?
    We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
    She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
    Don't step on the broken glass.
    Wow, does that work?
    If the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy had babies would they take your teeth and leave chocolate for you?
    A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
    She was too short to see over the fence.
    Let me help you with your baggage.
    She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
    A glittering gem is not enough.
    I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
    Should we start class now, or should we wait for everyone to get here?
    Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.

